Problem 1 Analysis:
Charge - The majority of neighbors allude to the sense of an indictment in court, with 
some neighbors being related to paying money. Interestingly, no neighbors are related
to the sense of charging an electronic device. We also noticed that some neighbors like
"responsible" and "denied" are plotted close to the middle of the graph. This is likely
because these words could be used in the context of paying money or being indicted. One last 
thing that we thought was interesting was that the neighbors referring to the indictment in 
court were plotted in two fully separated clusters. We think it is because "charge" for one
cluster can be used to describe the high level type of charge (ex. he was charged with
x counts, a misdemeanor, or a felony) and the other cluster can be used to describe states/actions
revolving around being charged (ex. He pleaded, he was guilty, he was convicted).

Load - All neighbors are related to the sense of being heavy or carrying said heavy
object. No neighbors are related to the sense of loading a webpage or loading a gun.
We noticed three "super-clusters" of neighbors, with the first super-cluster being related
to lots of items/quantity, the second super-cluster being related to carrying things by vehicle
or figuratively, and the last super-cluster being related to the sense of adding, removing, and
moving an object. We thought it was interesting that the second super-cluster grouped smaller
clusters of neighbors very close to each other. Loads that refer to carrying things by vehicle
and loads that refer to carrying things figuratively are very close to each other. It makes
sense why they would be grouped closely together because you would treat figurative/mental
loads in a very similar way as you would treat physical loads.

Show - The word show was clustered in five moderately separated clusters. One cluser 
which has to do with the sense of a general TV show was clustered very densely. Another cluster
which was much further away but closest with the first cluster (cluster 2 closest with cluster 1 
not the other way around) had to do with TV show channels like ABC, CBS, NBC. The closest 
cluster to cluster 1 was cluster 3 which had to do with the action of demonstration. Another
cluster close to cluster 3 was cluster 4 which had to do with a type of TV show (live or reality).
The last cluster was also pretty close to cluster 3 and had to do with someone being presented.


Problem 2A Results:
Correlation for animals/size: 0.657
Correlation for clothing/wealth: 0.564

Problem 2B Results:
Correlation for animals/size: 0.612
Correlation for clothing/wealth: 0.200


Problem 3A Analysis:
The clustering seems to be by sense of the word, with neighboring points being passages
with the word "charge" used in similar contexts. Most passages follow this clustering
pattern, but there is overlap, like two passages using "charge" as a legal term and
as a financial term respectively being placed within the same cluster.

Problem 3B Analysis:
These clusters seem similar to the clusters in 3A, with neighboring passages possessing
the same sense of the word "charge". Looking at the masked substitutes, they also
seem similar for passages within the same cluster.